That's a good fit for your
mom gotta develop when I hungered a narrow
bed your mama so fat when she was yellow people yeah your
mama so fat the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs your mother her
blood types
Ragusa
from gimlet media this is surprisingly awesome. I'm Rachel Ward and I'm Adam
McKay and read up about here we should say parents. If you cannot tell from that beginning of the
show this episode
is about insults. So if you don't want your kid learning about yo mama jokes. You should put
your headphones on right now we promise you that we're going to bleep any really really bad words we cannot promise that
your kid is going to pick up some really
sick burns from this episode so he should take
precautions. Adam. Can you start us off do you have a favorite insult.
There is one sort of legendary in Seoul you'll hear a lot of comedy writers talk about from.
The great shows Sanford and Son was very popular in the seventy's into the
eighty's and it involved Red Fox of course with deal
with Aunt Esther and she would insult him he would insult her
they didn't like each other and at one point he dropped one of the great insult lines of all
time honor you know
and
I'm coming with me I could stick guilt phase is going and make some of the
really good.
I've
heard that line mentioned many times as sort of a a perfect insult in the sense
of its economy the leap it
takes his victories is a perfect replica of a gorilla that you
just have to press it into dough they'd obviously be big cookies but that's our
rights Yeah that's an all time great.
I just don't get like. I I I guess I get it
but
it's but you do have to watch it as a full episode to kind of get the vibe of it because it pulls
you in and man oh man there are some amazing lines from that lot of comedy
writers talk about
that another thing that you brought up when we when we first started talking about insults
was the Don
Rickles in the comedy world. Most people consider Don Rickles
the master insult comic and there's a good people out there like Jeffrey Ross has become really
famous for the comedy central roast I think now Tosh Ola's euro is incredible.
She's been on fire lately every time I see Iran though so there's some there's some fantastic and soul
comics but I think the King of Kings is Don
Rickles disabled and here gentleman here where you're from so if I mess.
New Jersey you had
a crowd. So this is from a roast it's Don Rickles pressing Jerry
Lewis name sir. And he said I never heard of
you two which first name is Dennis
and Bill Landis. Get
up these people that are close
to Kerry we got a dumbbell believe
that yes he was proud he made the seating arrangements
and the poppy
pot belly. Nobody
knows the stuff.
So that's pretty that's by Raechel standards. That's pretty tame that clip. I
remember seeing a clip of him just really simply up onstage looks at a
rather large woman wearing a brightly colored dress and goes Hello ma'am. How are you that's a
beautiful
dress Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do Do crowd goes crazy.
I watched probably like an hour of Don Rickles stuff looking for something
that I for one felt like I could play on a podcast that children do occasionally. And.
I think for me one of the things that was challenging was just
like it is so specific to a time in a place a lot of times like
he's doing a roast where like
he's making jokes to Dean Martin about Frank
Sinatra in one hundred seventy four. About something that happened in Brooklyn in one thousand nine hundred eighty eight and like
it's like flying over my head when I think I want to hear that.
Yeah it's. That was a tough one for me but another one that you brought
up. Wow what an honor the White House Correspondents Dinner to
actually this is even comparing two thousand and six he's doing basically a roast of President George
W. Bush everybody asked for personnel changes. So the White House has personnel
changes and then you're right. Oh they're just rearranging the deck chairs on the
Titanic for sort of a terrible
metaphor there that this is ministration is not thinking this
is ministration is soaring if anything they are rearranging the
deck chairs on the hidden
burn either those very funny like I laugh at
that first off it's obviously a lot more current So kind of the context is easier for an
audience to get into but I would also say that's one of the great
historic comedy moments of all time. Well because that was a moment where Bush did have
that popularity. He had the press
cowed and not only does coke bear roast a masterfully but he does it from
the perspective of loving him. I obviously come from an improv background
in theater and writing and and I remember try teaching a bunch of kids on
the South Side of Chicago at Marshall High improv
and first two weeks that we did it they all just insulted each other and they were funny. They were
good insults but you can't do anything with that you kind of just stop it so we
kept working and eventually the kids stopped insulting each other and started supporting each other and
building scenes but I never
really thought of insults as having any kind of like you know substance.
Of bottom to them or any kind of purpose. I'm
definitely open to being proven wrong on that though.
OK Well so truly I do believe there is something more to be learned from insults and that's what
this whole episode is about we're going to
go figure out who these insults are for who they are against and what they're
for and so to get into that question. I knew right away who I wanted to
call because the thing we're really focusing on this episode is funny insults clever
ones and I think your improv kids in
Chicago would love these people. I'm Jessica Langley. I'm Ben
Kinsley and we are part of the collective Janks
archive along with a third member who is not in this room. He's a dad and lives in North
Carolina with his baby and his wife and his full time job. His name's
Charleston Crosby. So
Jessica. Ben Anderson they are artists and one day. Ben turned up these
recordings from the one nine hundred seventy S. of people singing really like vulgar
vulgar nursery rhymes from when they were kids and the three of them are listening to these recordings and I
just cracking up but they also felt sort of wistful about them
because they didn't have any songs like this of their
own but then they realized there was something that they shared on the
playground something that did pass from kid to kid and that would jump from town to
town when your cousins came through you know mama
jokes because we were all you know were children of the ninety's and Gerson and I we knew
a bunch right and I said something like you know your mom so fat she jumped up in the air and got
stuck and then Gerson said cut you down so low you have to hold a sign
that says Don't spit can't swim and then he had all these others that were
totally weird
like only one like this is the but this is a deal like justin just won and we just both sat
there like whoa you know so
many Here's a sample of some of Justin's greatest hits. If you will when the
Lord is giving out.
Know that he's always had roses in the. For a big red one. OK down so
you could sing your feet off the curb your most supportive of milkshake
all away when the Lord was giving out
brains you thought he said rain when to sell shelter your house is a small the cockroaches
walk home but your mama so tall she did a car will and kick Jesus in the face.
We knew he was from Alabama but like is this something that is specific to Alabama and then he said that you
know what do you guys call Jags and we were like what what is
the excuse me
the jank and say Yes that's what he calls it is the jank Is this
like insult joke and I think with a Mr talking about like well what do we call him and I think
I remember calling him decisions.
I grew up in the you know seventy's eighty's. Yeah
we called them disses they were definitely disses burns.
I grew up in Maryland and we call them snaps
we were really struck by how the structure of his jokes were really different and how it
like the idea that you could insult somebody for being tall.
Is new and you know or like the cut you down so low
that
whatever or when the Lord was giving out something like these are dead well these are
different jokes so I don't know any of
these so this is how they're project the jinx our cause is born and
they start to go out and look for these jokes. I usually explain that
we do this we have a worldwide kind of archive basically an oral
tradition and usually known.
I don't remember I don't remember a good way of getting people it's like do you remember anything your grandma's tell you.
Gramma's are secretly the best most insulting people in the planet I think.
Grandmothers are are really filthy. Their favorite jink they collected from a
Finnish grandmother and it has to do with a lingonberry and it is unbelievable.
You can go here that jinx archived or
it's one of many legendary lingonberry insults. Which we're all
very familiar with the lingonberry slams you know these guys they actually
went all over the world collecting these things and they started to
see themes
or crop up every place they went to collect Janks Mexico City
Pittsburgh Berlin every place had a different type of insult that came
up really
often So for example when they went to Belfast in Northern Ireland.
A ton of the Janks they call them slag and there a ton of them are about people not
being useful here
is useful as a bag a cap. Here is useful as a chocolate teapot Pierce. Yes
The last have her sunglasses on the guy with no
airs and in Finland a lot of the Janks there about what we would probably here in the US
call having a screw loose or not having all of your marbles. Just like on Ben we're collecting them in this part
of Finland in the southwest right across the Baltic Sea from Sweden. And there's a
Swedish speaking population there so they have their own set of Swedish screw
loose
Janks but there's a they're totally different from the Finnish language screw
loose jank So here's here's one in
Swedish hundred dollars. That translates to he doesn't have
them all at
home and here is one in Finnish So let's look like a couple
he doesn't have all the Nazis in his bunker.
Well could you please go and like. That's
real wow I love
that that's that's an indicator of a lack of sanity. When you when you when you want
to say your bunker is Nazi free if you are
saying I don't know I don't know the justification the Finns must've had a real bad.
Whoa.
But so another thing they notice as they're as they're collecting these that is
that in the US a lot of the Janks are about class like about how poor you are that
something uniquely American and they said that when they've been out collecting and the rest of the world
they haven't found as many of the. But in the U.S. We have tons of
them your mama so broke. She can't get into a free concert.
If you're still poor your house so small when you order P.T.S.D..
So I went to aus. I was hungry and I opened a refrigerator and
know a bunch of roses and I
think
some of these types of Jenks the categories of insults like you are not useful or you have a screw loose. Those are
very geographically specific but then there are categories that you do find everywhere so
like maternal insults. Those are everywhere.
I know than most Center just among the much influence
ons of OK so that's a French one and it is your momma so ugly she has to wear
makeup to go on the radio. That's solid. Here's what I got that's in Portuguese your
mama so fat. When you have to drive around her in the car you run out of
gas to a million. Don't go to the Clinton face beside above all to Delancey kissing
his little
cock. And this one's in German and with the full set is
a beautiful person tied up you know Mukhtar is so fat her blood type is.
Gnutella kind
of incredible people insulting each other's moms everywhere you
go and it's not always structured like an actual yo mama joke but you know
it seems like a lot of times it is it also something oddly sweet about it it kind
of points to how much we all on planet earth love our
mothers right. You know for sure like you can go after somebody as mom and it's going to be
like kind of hard.
What should we do a. Your mother joke let's make one up on the spot about your mama so hairy.
Oh I'm a so hairy your mama so hairy the wolf band borrowed
hair gel from
are not great not for anyone to judge myself
honestly. I just got my hair cut so I should be able to do
this your mama's back so hairy that the salon assistant tried to sweep
it
but I feel like you're just humoring me but what. Going here making up the Obama jokes
it's part of this larger tradition an African-American tradition in the U.S. called
the dozens
and kids basically like make up insults on the spot and then they throw met each other it's a duel.
That's the dozens. So here's Ben
again we started doing a lot of research on traditions of insulting traditions
like this and the dozens it's really fascinating. We ended up going to Mexico City and
we learned about something there called the Al Gore which is a rhyming game like the
dozens and again that's like in the moment flying back and
forth and it turns out these insult games appear in a lot of places not just in the U.S.
and Mexico but Innuit culture and Turkish culture and these back and
forth things are called insult rituals.
That's according to Gerry knew who he wrote sticks and stones the philosophy of insults and he says these
rituals are used in some places to settle debts or disputes. Jerry says it's
a way to win without actual physical violence.
Well it goes back to insults being concerned with power and who
dominates whom.
So this is a new idea here. The idea that insults are about power and when Jerry told us
we got really excited as it made us
realize how important insults are to the dynamics
between people there about who's got the upper hand in a given situation and
how you can insult that person to take that upper hand away from
that there is a difference between what I would call ritual insults or playful
or friendly insults and insults which are more direct forms
of aggression and attempts at domination.
What what defines that line what sets the parameters there.
Well I think it has to do with the intention that people see behind them that is
if someone sees a joking friendly intention. That's different from seeing
an attempt to denigrate lesson put down and so
on what makes that feel good why. That's that's the. On its face
kind of counterintuitive like it feels good to be insulted by
certain people in a certain way.
There's a kind of controlled aggression that is you get to
vent to to express feelings that. Because they're
not received as true assaults are acceptable.
Jerry really drove home the point that insults are this way of keeping things in check.
You know it's like when you're a kid the guidance counselor is like you know if you're
mad punch a pillow instead of punching someone in the face. It's words. Do you have a
favorite insult.
Well I guess. The one the pops into mind is to place.
During a
party in the one nine hundred seventy S. when. Gore of a
Dom made some sort of nasty comment about the most recent book
by Norman Mailer and they were literary rivals. You know over many years.
Anyway this is this remark somehow really got to Norman
Mailer and he punched him he punched old Gore
Vidal and decked him so that but I was on the floor and the bit that
I like is that Gore Vidal had the presence of mind as he got up from the floor to
say once again. Words have failed.
Norman to be Doc
composed to get popped in the mouth at a party and get up and
hit him with that line that's impressive good for Gore of a Dollar
Man which again is sort of a model of the insult rituals like the dozens
where one way of losing is precisely by running out of
words and resorting to your fist instead of giving a clever insulting response.
You know to whatever your opponent just said that so
it's it's a nice illustration of that I think among sort of literary giants
not teenage boys but
still I feel like. That's a pretty compelling case insults have a clear cultural value. Well I
mean let's see this.
For starters. I mean if you're talking about people getting aggression out in dealing
with hostility through clever insults. It almost becomes beautiful at
that point.
Yeah and how insults and help people deal with some pretty
intense systemic hostility throughout history that is coming up after
the
break the library is open one can read you thought
Bill.
This episode surprisingly autumn is brought to you by Ford Motor Company. My name is small Buddha.
I am a engineer a port a company. Roger Trombley I'm an active safety engineer at Ford Motor Company.
How do you guys know each other we met in college or sophomore
year and how do you know each other now we'll know we're married and we also both work at Ford a few
years back. Schimmel and Roger took what Ford called the mother of all road trips.
That's its official name by the
way it has an acronym. Mort. It's a cross-country road trip that lets Ford
engineers test out new features one available feature Schimmel and Roger tried out on their road
trip active park assist
active park assist A.P.A. which helps your vehicle parallel park your hands off the
wheel you're just controlling the gas and the brakes and the car parks itself and
we just love this so I remember a D.C. we would do that over and over any time we found a spot
we probably like crazy would park and then pull out and park and.
I was going to ask who's the better parallel parker but I guess like the car
is a car. Did you get into any fights. No I don't think
so because the principle temperature no fight together in the car eight
to ten hours a day. That's really impressive. We are meant to be together. You know chips and other
things
forward engineering ways to make parking
easier and couples. Happy or could afford dot com flash awesome to learn
more
from media this is surprisingly awesome. I'm Rachel Ward and I am Adam
a case. And so far we've been talking
about insults in terms of people insulting each other face to
face but I think if we're really being honest with ourselves the place where
insults really thrive. We all know the answer to this
the internet. Adam what's the ORs thing that anyone's ever said to you on the Internet.
Really going to make the I mean I've read. I've read stuff that looks like someone was
possessed by a demon and really wanted to make me cry
on the Internet that usually you know physical
just it's like it's like a violin in ten. They're not because I don't care if someone
can criticize my movies my writing so I can say so and it isn't funny or interesting. That's all
fine but when it's just that kind of dark blunt attack.
I remember when we were at S N
L Very early on with the Internet Will Ferrell was like I'm never
reading any of that and I was like. I like to read it sometimes and it took me
about ten years to finally get where he's at we're like I'm never reading the comments
section again. All I can say is it is not helpful.
Yeah I mean trolls
are trolls or Absolutely. They're the worst They're just like they're lazy
it's like they're barely trying they just go for like the lowest easiest blow but that's
not what this episode is about this episode is not about weak sauce insults this episode is
the good insults really funny stuff artful stuff.
What they've done the poor Kermit Kermit was my childhood friend with the Muppets.
Now he says sipping tea
everywhere says this is to Mika Bradley Hobbs she's a history professor at
Florida Memorial University and you have probably seen the image that she's talking about it's a picture of Kermit the
Frog from the
Muppets. He's just like very genteelly sipping a mug of tea and a lot of the times
when you see this image it's got the phrase but that's none of my business written across the
bottom of it and that means
font that font is called impact and it's been around since one thousand nine
hundred sixty
five more facts like that in our newsletter subscribers get Media dot com slash off
I'm back to Kermit drinking this mug of tea.
Right so here's just how to Mika explains what sipping tea
is there something foul going on but I'm not going to say anything because I'm so busy
enjoying my hot beverage that I'm not going to give both
That's what leg Twitter has given the flu is what a brilliant contribution
to American culture.
I'm imagining like half of our listeners just want. Not another
description Black Twitter on a pod gets and then the other half of our listeners are like
what Twitter. So if you know what I'm talking about please be patient with us
while everyone gets on the same page.
It's the the Black way says one on Twitter. When black people
congregate the a hash tag on Twitter and have
a have a conversation about whatever's happening
and pop culture politics.
To Because book is called democracy abroad lynching at home racial
violence in Florida her research for it was going around the state
collecting oral histories about lynching really really intense
stuff. So you can maybe understand why she needs this
pressure valve on Twitter this community of like minded people who are all trying to process
their experiences in kind of a similar
way we have had a very long history of being
denigrated ourselves and trying to turn that integration into
something that we could could live with by
laughing at
it but also mastering it as a weapon has been part
of our birth. Right in this country in particular there have just been
some wonderful evenings that I've been able to spend laughing myself to
sleep but watching my
timeline. For the news
feed in and Twitter. It is a
comfort that is born of a lot of discomfort and if you look at black
history and the things that we've had to endure in this country.
So yes it's bittersweet. But it is hella fun
and it is really fun when we're talking to me we can just hear in her voice. How much
she loves this part of the Internet and how much sense of community she feels there
for example. She told us about Starbucks trying to get people to use the
hash tag race together they want people to go buy a coffee and then sit down and
like talk through the racial situation in America like right as
the world was trying to process a bunch of incidents where black people have been shot by the police and it was like
a nice idea
but it didn't go over
great the Black Twitter response and that hash tag was a way to really point out how
foolish the idea was but also have a little bit of fun at
Starbucks right. I mean they wanted a conversation and they got a congressman they got
a Congress and not the one they were hoping for but they got a conversation just
the names that were coming across
Malcolm espresso latte my people
go who was in the other
one was hilarious. And this of course was during the time
that Ferguson was still very very hot topic and that was one that had a picture
of there and Wilson officer who shot and killed. Mike Brown and it
said feared for my safety like they drink
tea CA. And
like you know it's tragic it's bringing in something that's happening in the real world but it's also
using it. I mean is this kind of perfect. Chad again part of the Get
this
and so you can hear some you know. Caution there from to make a she says it's fine when people keep it
on the Internet the risk is when insults spill over in the real world.
Yeah her concern is that sometimes stuff on Twitter escalates instead of
relieving pressure so to bring back the idea of the of punching a pillow it's like
if punching the pillow doesn't make you feel any less angry instead of just get you all riled up and then you go out
and start punching a bunch of random strangers on the
street there's an interesting interplay between what happens virtually And what happens
when when there's flesh and blood involved because we're humans will fail and many of our
bank
communities. That's a life or death thing I have nothing but respect.
My name and people fearing me are thinking of man a certain way is all I have to
hold onto and that something is very alone even going back to dueling and
the eighteenth and nineteenth century to go in American South.
So we are about to travel a very long distance in not a lot of time here so stick with
us this respect culture that to me goes talking about is coming from a
very very heavy place in American history. We're about to go for Meems
on the Internet to slavery.
When you're talking about African-American culture I think it goes back to slavery and the
use
of indirection where you know in a in a slave
environment you could never say anything
explicitly this is Patrick Johnson he's a professor of African-American studies
and performance studies at Northwestern University and he introduced us to this
idea of indirection.
It's basically plausible deniability.
Yeah when you're in a situation where someone has a lot of power over you you have to cut them
down indirectly. So for example during
slavery talking back to to to
master in a direct way could actually get you killed
lynched or beaten and so. Slaves
develop indirect forms of
communicating such as not looking
a slave master in the eye. So how something like that then
get
to become a part of American culture is my mother would
never allow me to look her directly in the ivy if she
were chastising me because that was seen as a form of disrespect
and it also is a survival strategy for
instance again to bring a
very contemporary example is when you're pulled over when you're
a black person you know not to talk back not
to resist because you might get killed.
So the talk that people have developed to express their displeasure how indirection relates
to insults. That's actually the same thing to Mika was describing on Twitter.
It's shade. It's in folks that are so restrained and so clever
that sometimes the target does not even realize that they're being insulted.
Here's how each Patrick uses shade He's also a performer. So he gets invited to see a lot of
other people's
performances and so I've been in situations in which I have
been invited to a friend's show or someone claimed
tense and I really really thought it was bad to really bad.
So after the show rather
than lying. I will say something
like Oh my God you were on that stage. Oh my
God you were there.
You
owe you would. Oh you were just on that stage.
I'm very good I've had the same experiences talking about where you have to go to play these and it's
always tough and I've certainly done things or been in things where I can tell. Someone doesn't like
it they'll usually say something
like Wow that must a taken a lot of
work that's a good one you praise the work effort.
Yes So it's that's in direction. Here's another example for me Patrick if
you have friends who are pregnant. You should listen up you might need this
little one one of my nephews was born we went to the hospital to see
him and he
was really tragically ugly I mean he was just a really
hideous baby and so my brother was just being mean but
I and of course you know we can say anything. And so all
my says
is look. The baby. Just
look at it.
So far be that's what's awesome about and so
how creative you can get with communicating something in a way
that sounds so pleasant but you're just cutting somebody and they don't even know
they're
bleeding so I went to Patrick in to make a talk about this they're talking specifically about the
black Southern experience but he Patrick says pretty much every minority has come up with their own forms of
verbal play even minorities within minorities the Irish get as speakers
even kids have their own strategies for
insult right. Patrick's work is informed by gay culture
and he was saying that if you've ever heard someone say something like oh girl he just read you for filth.
That's coming from gave her an ocular a reader to get read that's an insult. That's stone
other insider term it's more language that is special for your community
so insults make you feel like you're part of a group and that group is protecting you asked
X. wad or my daughters were just saying that the other day. Then there's the other
side of this coin getting insulted in front of a
group right. How power dynamics change when there are other people what. CHANG And
that brings us to another
one's OK I am Mark Olsen I
am a lecturer at the University of M. then and I think
my title is Ph D. art. Dr Alton perhaps I don't
I sounds really weird and official but I guess that's it.
You aren't it. You deserve it. Yeah.
Marta is a psycho linguist in the Netherlands and one of the things she studies is
humiliation and she was interested in how humiliation and shame play
into
insults what I wanted to know was if you know that you
are being a good or by a larger group of people. Does that
change your perception of
instill some margin or team decided to measure this the use in the E.G. an
electro and suffer a gram. Basically they put a shower cap full of electrodes
on their research subjects heads and then they insult them a lot.
So we actually use insulting senses in something in
Dutch so you sort of personal info. They're very gender.
Though they're specific are smart that only works when and other curse words that only work
for men and we need sentences that would work for both genders.
So I can beat them up if you want to yet
totally I find you to Fogarty think there is me.
I am with you is so terrible that I would rather not see you
again your life is worth less than the voice of consent.
That's a great insult in the company of others you also behave completely
inappropriate Lee where when I hear you I
feel disgust and ripple the way you handle things it makes me
think like Argonne you say some of these to me in Dutch.
Oh yes sure of that you know who are full of loathing and us care.
A Human Being own cousin. Well Miss look from the warden events they're going to make up
a little for song The boy's uncle who I think. You
know look into the local Look ignored some
three's personas you know. If that's a whole lot before pile into
not all of them. It was that hill who did the men's Jacobi the manga in
the deathless all Kong just to see
you so well people are hearing these insults. They're wearing
the electrode shower cap and Marcus team is measuring how quickly their brains
processing activity is responding to the
insults and then they play them a bunch more insults but this time the insult is
accompanied by the image and the sound of a bunch of people laughing on a computer screen.
Marsha sent us a clip of the laughing and it is straight up maniacal Oh.
Basically my entire A ninth and tenth grade years of school summed up.
Perfectly and as a control for this research they also did the same thing with
compliments play a bunch of compliments then play them with the laughter and here's what
they
learned when we found. I guess not surprisingly that when
people know that they're being laughed at when they know that they're being up
there that the president of the
Insel has
increased the can you tell me about why we perceive
insults more intensely when we are being laughed
at as a person. We need other
people to respect the current tech being and
well obviously it's worse because we can
lose the peer group as humans we
feel and think I guess intrinsic need
to belong. When combined with excess.
Losing our peer group that makes you really a stand
back and so this is the thing. It's a double edged sword a
really snappy witty insult can make us feel like we belong to a group like we
get it like how to Mika has this community on Black Twitter.
But if we feel like the group is turning against us insults feel even worse
we feel like we're losing power like we're not safe.
OK So Adam. Do you want to hear the insult expert's favorite insult by all means.
Yes I was thinking about did you
think
Oh I think I like that one.
Why do you like that one in particular
I don't know it is kind of funny and I'd like to
laugh when I'm in NY then. That's real.
This is the way that we in Florida or each other.
I would actually argue that's beautiful. I mean keeping our
our bombs clean is something that saves
lives it's something that's courteous.
I've never looked at it that way but actually calling someone an ass is a very beautiful
beautiful thing Rachel. Will you call me and ask why but I'll respond appropriately.
How that feels like a trick question. But
what Martin is saying about having this specific thing when she says it's your husband
it's very endearing it's part of their like culture as a husband wife unit. It would be
way different if she said that to somebody else.
So that's kind of the essence of this topic insults are born out of a specific
context and that's why what is clever what constitutes a clever insult is different for different people.
I mean it seems to me like really what the line is on the
insults are are the it was sold something that you're laughing at because
your group bond. Is so strong that you can let your ego down to
laugh at yourself to laugh at other people because you know what we're super tight with each
other and no matter what's said we're going to be tight.
That's a thing. Like insults can show people like hey I'm really smart
I'm funny we're like kin to each other but they can also be kind of dangerous they can
like demonstrate like I
will burn you Dick you know it's funny you could almost trace everything especially when you talk
about comedy about are we part of the pack are we part of the
group or with being kicked out of the group. For being kicked out of the group it's not
fun if it's solidifying us in the group it's awesome. And you can laugh at Don
Rickles and because you know they're all cool and they're tight with each other and they're joking around.
So we started this episode like we both agreed insults are
hilarious but you weren't quite sure if they had like a
value where you now with that idea.
Oh I don't think there's any doubt they have a value I mean from hearing hearing all
this I mean at the least it's just all of us taken
the taking ourselves down a peg or taking ourselves less seriously. That's always
good when you get to the level of Kobe or challenging. You know
a questionable government the leader of the country right to his
face it can become Horowitz when you hear the story of a
culture that's been through like a trauma and racism finding a way to
communicate with each other in a way that unique to each other so they can have a shared
experience that almost becomes beautiful.
Yeah there's there's definitely an incredible amount of value to it and then when they're really good
they are just funny and there's let's face it nothing better than
laughing really hard.
OK
Rachel. Yeah your credit rating is so step.
Madame Tussaud
called. I want their credit back as
a credit
for the case you were on that Mike today you just
on
a surprisingly awesome theme song is by Nicholas Berg tell our Adam years ago
by build buildings we were edited this week by and he rose Strauss or we
were produced by Khalifa Holt and Rachel
Ward Isabel Angel Jacob bruise Jane's dream to be boxed in
and provide a production assistant we were mixed this week
by Austin THOMPSON Last week we were also
Austin Thompson both screwed up and we told you that we were mixed by Matthew ball so that was perhaps
the ultimate insult and intentional and we're very very
sorry if you want to hear more Janks this is their
ad Janks archive. Dot
org is spelled J A N K
S And if you want to share your jacks with us or your mama jokes
or insults We'd love to see them on Twitter use the hash tag jacks.
Feel free to us have thick skin and only one out of three of them
will actually make us Iraq and have to leave the
room actually we'd love it if you make up some jacks about Daimler that's
even better. I got a big company that makes pod casts the hell with them go after
them all so here's the thing that we're looking for since we'd like to hear your stories up.
I told you so of a time when you were
right that nobody believes you if you've got a good I told you so record a voice number
on your phone very quickly keep it around a
minute and send it to us that I told you so at gimlet Media dot com
using an opening up so you can also tweet us a surprising show.
Email us at surprisingly automatic in Libya dot com or on Facebook
Tumblr true shark attack stories. Out tumblr dot
com surprisingly often is a production of gimlet
media can I tell you Rachel now the. Completely done that pod cast was so bad
I'm going to go listen AM radio.
Thanks to our sponsor Ford Motor Company where Ford engineers bring new and innovative ideas
to life every day go to four dot com slash awesome to learn
more and hearing sirens right now
so we might want to
home for just a sec. Yes we live right
behind a hospital. So
I wouldn't go there but from time to time and we hear
an ambulance taking somebody over there was that shade regarding that hospital that was Jay
that was
shady that definitely
was.